chore: use relative imports (#1606)
canonical/operator: STYLE.md

```

### Use relative imports inside a package

> In code inside a package (directory), use relative `.` imports. For example, in the `ops` directory of the Ops codebase:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When writing code inside a package (a directory containing an `__init__.py`), use relative imports with a `.` instead of absolute imports.
For example, within the `ops` package:
```
